README.md, before:

# terrareg

Open source Terraform Registry.

Provides features to aid usage and discovery of modules:

 * Provide analytics about usage of modules;
 * Interactive 'Usage builder', helping users build terraform to use the terraform modules;
 * Hooks for git SCM applications to automatically index modules;

## Getting started

Install depdencies:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

Initialise database and start server:

    alembic upgrade head
    python ./terrareg.py


Upload a terraform module:

    terrareg_root=$PWD
    
    cd source/of/my/module
    
    # OPTIONAL: Create an terrareg meta-data file
    echo '{ "description": "My first module", "owner": "ME!", "source": "https://github.com/me/my-tf-module" }' > ./terrareg.json
    
    # Zip up module
    zip -r * ../my-tf-module.zip
    
    # Upload to terrareg
    bash $terrareg_root/scripts/upload_module.sh http://localhost:5000 me my-tf-module aws 1.0.0 source/of/my/my-tf-module.zip


Navigate to http://localhost:5000 to get started, or http://localhost/modules/me/my-tf-module to see the uploaded example!

## Running with docker

    docker build . -t terrareg:latest
    docker run -p 5000:5000 -e MIGRATE_DATABASE=True terrareg:latest


## Docker environment variables

The following environment variables are available to configure the docker container

### MIGRATE_DATABASE

Whether to perform a database migration on container startup.

Set to `True` to enable database migration

Default: `False`

### MIGRATE_DATABASE_ONLY

Whether to perform database migration and exit immediately.

This is useful for scheduling migrations by starting a 'migration' instance of the application.

Set to `True` to exit after migration.

The `MIGRATE_DATABASE` environment variable must also be set to `True` to perform the migration, otherwise nothing will be performed and the container will exit.

Default: `False`

### SSH_PRIVATE_KEY

Provide the contents of the SSH key to perform git clones.

This is an alternative to mounting the '.ssh' directory of the root user.

Default: ''

## Application environment variables

The following environment variables are available to configure the application

### ADMIN_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN


Token to use for authorisation to be able to modify modules in the user interface.


Default: ``



### ADMIN_SESSION_EXPIRY_MINS


Session timeout for admin cookie sessions


Default: `5`



### ALLOWED_PROVIDERS


Comma-seperated list of allowed providers.

Leave empty to disable allow-list and allow all providers.


Default: ``



### ALLOW_CUSTOM_GIT_URL_MODULE_PROVIDER


Whether module providers can specify their own git repository source.


Default: `True`



### ALLOW_CUSTOM_GIT_URL_MODULE_VERSION


Whether module versions can specify git repository in terrareg config.


Default: `True`



### ALLOW_MODULE_HOSTING


Whether uploaded modules can be downloaded directly.
If disabled, all modules must be configured with a git URL.


Default: `True`



### ALLOW_UNIDENTIFIED_DOWNLOADS


Whether modules can be downloaded with terraform
without specifying an identification string in
the namespace


Default: `False`



### ANALYTICS_AUTH_KEYS


List of comma-separated values for terraform auth tokens for deployment environments.

E.g. `xxxxxx.deploy1.xxxxxxxxxxxxx:dev,zzzzzz.deploy1.zzzzzzzzzzzzz:prod`
In this example, in the 'dev' environment, the auth token for terraform would be: `xxxxxx.deploy1.xxxxxxxxxxxxx`
and the auth token for terraform for prod would be: `zzzzzz.deploy1.zzzzzzzzzzzzz`.

To disable auth tokens and to report all downloads, leave empty.

To only record downloads in a single environment, specify a single auth token. E.g. `zzzzzz.deploy1.zzzzzzzzzzzzz`


Default: ``



### ANALYTICS_TOKEN_PHRASE

Name of analytics token to provide in responses (e.g. application name, team name etc.)

Default: `analytics token`



### APPLICATION_NAME

Name of application to be displayed in web interface.

Default: `Terrareg`



### AUTO_PUBLISH_MODULE_VERSIONS


Whether new module versions (either via upload, import or hook) are automatically
published and available.

If this is disabled, the publish endpoint must be called before the module version
is displayed in the list of module versions.

NOTE: Even whilst in an unpublished state, the module version can still be accessed directly, but not used within terraform.


Default: `True`



### DATABASE_URL


URL for database.
Defaults to local sqlite database.

To setup SQLite datbase, use `sqlite:///<path to sqlite DB>`

To setup MySQL, use `mysql+mysqlconnector://<user>:<password>@<host>[:<port>]/<database>`


Default: `sqlite:///modules.db`



### DATA_DIRECTORY



Default: `./data`



### DEBUG

Whether flask and sqlalchemy is setup in debug mode.

Default: `False`



### DELETE_EXTERNALLY_HOSTED_ARTIFACTS


Whether uploaded modules, that provide an external URL for the artifact,
should be removed after analysis.
If enabled, module versions with externally hosted artifacts cannot be re-analysed after upload. 


Default: `False`



### EXAMPLES_DIRECTORY


Directory with a module's source that contains examples.

Examples are expected to be within sub-directories of the examples directory.

E.g. If EXAMPLES_DIRECTORY is set to `examples`, with the root module, the following would be expected for an example: `examples/myexample/main.tf`.


Default: `examples`



### EXAMPLE_ANALYTICS_TOKEN

Example analytics token to provide in responses (e.g. my-tf-application, my-slack-channel etc.)

Default: `my-tf-application`



### GIT_PROVIDER_CONFIG


Git provider config.
JSON list of known git providers.
Each item in the list should contain the following attributes:
- name - Name of the git provider (e.g. 'Corporate Gitlab')

- base_url - Formatted base URL for project's repo.
(e.g. 'https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}'
or 'https://gitlab.corporate.com/{namespace}/{module}')
- clone_url - Formatted clone URL for modules.
(e.g. 'ssh://gitlab.corporate.com/scm/{namespace}/{module}.git'
or 'https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git')
Note: Do not include '{version}' placeholder in the URL -
the git tag will be automatically provided.

- browse_url - Formatted URL for user-viewable source code
(e.g. 'https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/tree'
or 'https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}/src/{version}')

An example for public repositories might be:
```
[{"name": "Github", "base_url": "https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@github.com:{namespace}/{module}.git", "browse_url": "https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}/tree/{tag}/{path}"},
{"name": "Bitbucket", "base_url": "https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@bitbucket.org:{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git", "browse_url": "https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/src/{tag}/{path}"},
{"name": "Gitlab", "base_url": "https://gitlab.com/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@gitlab.com:{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git", "browse_url": "https://gitlab.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/-/tree/{tag}/{path}"}]
```


Default: `[]`



### LISTEN_PORT


Port for server to listen on.


Default: `5000`



### LOGO_URL

URL of logo to be used in web interface.

Default: `/static/images/logo.png`



### MODULES_DIRECTORY


Directory with a module's source that contains sub-modules.

submodules are expected to be within sub-directories of the submodule directory.

E.g. If MODULES_DIRECTORY is set to `modules`, with the root module, the following would be expected for a submodule: `modules/submodulename/main.tf`.

This can be set to an empty string, to expected submodules to be in the root directory of the parent module.


Default: `modules`



### PUBLISH_API_KEYS


List of comma-separated list of API keys to publish module versions.

To disable authentication for publish endpoint, leave empty.


Default: ``



### REQUIRED_MODULE_METADATA_ATTRIBUTES


Comma-seperated list of metadata attributes that each uploaded module _must_ contain, otherwise the upload is aborted.


Default: ``



### SECRET_KEY


Flask secret key used for encrypting sessions.

Can be generated using: `python -c 'import secrets; print(secrets.token_hex())'`


Default: ``



### TRUSTED_NAMESPACES

Comma-separated list of trusted namespaces.

Default: ``



### UPLOAD_API_KEYS


List of comma-separated list of API keys to upload/import new module versions.

For bitbucket hooks, one of these keys must be provided as the 'secret' to the webhook.

To disable authentication for upload endpoint, leave empty.


Default: ``



### VERIFIED_MODULE_NAMESPACES


List of namespaces, who's modules will be automatically set to verified.


Default: ``



## Terrareg module metadata

A metadata file can be provided each an uploaded module's archive to provide additional metadata to terrareg.

For an example, please see: [docs/example-terrareg-module-metadata.json](./docs/example-terrareg-module-metadata.json)

The following attributes are available at the root of the JSON object:

|Key |Description|
--- | --- |
|owner|Name of the owner of the module|
|description|Description of the module|
|variable_template|Structure holding required input variables for module, used for 'Usage Builder'. See table below|
|repo_clone_url|Url to clone the repository. Optional placeholders `{namespace}`, `{module}` and `{provider}` can be used. E.g. `ssh://gitlab.corporate.com/scm/{namespace}/{module}.git`|
|repo_base_url|Formatted base URL for project's repo. E.g. `https://gitlab.corporate.com/{namespace}/{module}`|
|repo_browse_url|Formatted URL for user-viewable source code. Must contain `{tag}` and `{path}` placeholders. E.g. `https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/blob/{tag}/{path}`|

### Usage builder configuration

The usage builder requires an array of objects, which define the name, type and description of the variable.

In the following the 'config input' refers to the HTML inputs that provide the user with the ability to select/enter values. The 'terraform input' refers to the value used for the variable in the outputted terraform example.

There are common attributes that can be added to each of variable objects, which include:

|Attribute |Description |Default|
--- | --- | ---|
|name|The name of the 'config input'. This is also used as the module variable in the 'terraform input'.|Required|
|type|The type of the input variable, see table below.|Required|
|quote_value|Boolean flag to determine whether the value generated is quoted for the 'terraform input'.|false|
|additional_help|A description that is provided, along with the terraform variable description in the usage builder|Empty|



|Variable type|Description|Type specific attributes|
--- | --- | ---|
|text|A plain input text box for users to provide a value that it directly used as the 'terraform input'||
|boolean|Provides a checkbox that results in a true/false value as the 'terraform input'||
|static|This does not appear in the 'Usage Builder' 'config input' table, but provides a static value in the 'terraform input'||
|select|Provides a dropdown for the user to select from a list of choices|"choices" must be added to the object, which may either be a list of strings, or a list of objects. If using a list of objects, a "name" and "value" must be provided. Optionally an "additional_content" attribute can be added to the choice, which provides additional terraform to be added to the top of the terraform example. The main variable object may also contain a "allow_custom" boolean attribute, which allows the user to enter a custom text input.|

## Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)


## Local development

Since terraform requires HTTPS with a valid SSL cert, this must be provided in local development

On linux, by default, non-privileged users cannot listen on privileged ports, so the following can be used to route requests locally to port 5000:

```
sudo iptables -t nat -I OUTPUT -p tcp -d 127.0.0.1 --dport 443 -j REDIRECT --to-ports 5000
```

Example to run in local development environment:
```
virtualenv -ppython3.8 venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

# Without SSL cert
ALLOW_CUSTOM_GIT_URL_MODULE_PROVIDER=False ALLOW_CUSTOM_GIT_URL_MODULE_VERSION=False GIT_PROVIDER_CONFIG='[{"name": "Github", "base_url": "https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@github.com:{namespace}/{module}.git", "browse_url": "https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}/tree/{tag}/{path}"}, {"name": "Bitbucket", "base_url": "https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@bitbucket.org:{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git", "browse_url": "https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/src/{tag}/{path}"}, {"name": "Gitlab", "base_url": "https://gitlab.com/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@gitlab.com:{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git", "browse_url": "https://gitlab.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/-/tree/{tag}/{path}"}]' SECRET_KEY=ec9b8cc5ed0404acb3983b7836844d828728c22c28ecbed9095edef9b7489e85 ADMIN_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN=password ANALYTICS_AUTH_KEYS=xxxxxx.atlasv1.zzzzzzzzzzzzz:dev,xxxxxx.atlasv1.xxxxxxxxxx:prod VERIFIED_MODULE_NAMESPACES=hashicorp TRUSTED_NAMESPACES=test DEBUG=True AUTO_PUBLISH_MODULE_VERSIONS=False LISTEN_PORT=5001 python ./terrareg.py

# With SSL Cert
# Add the following argument
#  --ssl-cert-private-key ./example/ssl-certs/private.pem --ssl-cert-public-key ./example/ssl-certs/public.pem

```

## Generating DB changes

```
alembic revision --autogenerate
```

## Applying DB changes

```
alembic upgrade head
```

Commit message:

feat: Issue #114 Add custom terraform module version template for use in terraform examples in UI.
A new config can be used to set the value of the module 'version' parameter used in terraform examples, using placeholders for parts of the semantic version.

README.md, after:

# terrareg

Open source Terraform Registry.

Provides features to aid usage and discovery of modules:

 * Provide analytics about usage of modules;
 * Interactive 'Usage builder', helping users build terraform to use the terraform modules;
 * Hooks for git SCM applications to automatically index modules;

## Getting started

Install depdencies:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

Initialise database and start server:

    alembic upgrade head
    python ./terrareg.py


Upload a terraform module:

    terrareg_root=$PWD
    
    cd source/of/my/module
    
    # OPTIONAL: Create an terrareg meta-data file
    echo '{ "description": "My first module", "owner": "ME!", "source": "https://github.com/me/my-tf-module" }' > ./terrareg.json
    
    # Zip up module
    zip -r * ../my-tf-module.zip
    
    # Upload to terrareg
    bash $terrareg_root/scripts/upload_module.sh http://localhost:5000 me my-tf-module aws 1.0.0 source/of/my/my-tf-module.zip


Navigate to http://localhost:5000 to get started, or http://localhost/modules/me/my-tf-module to see the uploaded example!

## Running with docker

    docker build . -t terrareg:latest
    docker run -p 5000:5000 -e MIGRATE_DATABASE=True terrareg:latest


## Docker environment variables

The following environment variables are available to configure the docker container

### MIGRATE_DATABASE

Whether to perform a database migration on container startup.

Set to `True` to enable database migration

Default: `False`

### MIGRATE_DATABASE_ONLY

Whether to perform database migration and exit immediately.

This is useful for scheduling migrations by starting a 'migration' instance of the application.

Set to `True` to exit after migration.

The `MIGRATE_DATABASE` environment variable must also be set to `True` to perform the migration, otherwise nothing will be performed and the container will exit.

Default: `False`

### SSH_PRIVATE_KEY

Provide the contents of the SSH key to perform git clones.

This is an alternative to mounting the '.ssh' directory of the root user.

Default: ''

## Application environment variables

The following environment variables are available to configure the application

### ADMIN_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN


Token to use for authorisation to be able to modify modules in the user interface.


Default: ``



### ADMIN_SESSION_EXPIRY_MINS


Session timeout for admin cookie sessions


Default: `5`



### ALLOWED_PROVIDERS


Comma-seperated list of allowed providers.

Leave empty to disable allow-list and allow all providers.


Default: ``



### ALLOW_CUSTOM_GIT_URL_MODULE_PROVIDER


Whether module providers can specify their own git repository source.


Default: `True`



### ALLOW_CUSTOM_GIT_URL_MODULE_VERSION


Whether module versions can specify git repository in terrareg config.


Default: `True`



### ALLOW_MODULE_HOSTING


Whether uploaded modules can be downloaded directly.
If disabled, all modules must be configured with a git URL.


Default: `True`



### ALLOW_UNIDENTIFIED_DOWNLOADS


Whether modules can be downloaded with terraform
without specifying an identification string in
the namespace


Default: `False`



### ANALYTICS_AUTH_KEYS


List of comma-separated values for terraform auth tokens for deployment environments.

E.g. `xxxxxx.deploy1.xxxxxxxxxxxxx:dev,zzzzzz.deploy1.zzzzzzzzzzzzz:prod`
In this example, in the 'dev' environment, the auth token for terraform would be: `xxxxxx.deploy1.xxxxxxxxxxxxx`
and the auth token for terraform for prod would be: `zzzzzz.deploy1.zzzzzzzzzzzzz`.

To disable auth tokens and to report all downloads, leave empty.

To only record downloads in a single environment, specify a single auth token. E.g. `zzzzzz.deploy1.zzzzzzzzzzzzz`

For information on using these API keys, please see Terraform: https://docs.w3cub.com/terraform/commands/cli-config.html#credentials


Default: ``



### ANALYTICS_TOKEN_PHRASE

Name of analytics token to provide in responses (e.g. application name, team name etc.)

Default: `analytics token`



### APPLICATION_NAME

Name of application to be displayed in web interface.

Default: `Terrareg`



### AUTO_PUBLISH_MODULE_VERSIONS


Whether new module versions (either via upload, import or hook) are automatically
published and available.

If this is disabled, the publish endpoint must be called before the module version
is displayed in the list of module versions.

NOTE: Even whilst in an unpublished state, the module version can still be accessed directly, but not used within terraform.


Default: `True`



### DATABASE_URL


URL for database.
Defaults to local sqlite database.

To setup SQLite datbase, use `sqlite:///<path to sqlite DB>`

To setup MySQL, use `mysql+mysqlconnector://<user>:<password>@<host>[:<port>]/<database>`


Default: `sqlite:///modules.db`



### DATA_DIRECTORY



Default: `./data`



### DEBUG

Whether flask and sqlalchemy is setup in debug mode.

Default: `False`



### DELETE_EXTERNALLY_HOSTED_ARTIFACTS


Whether uploaded modules, that provide an external URL for the artifact,
should be removed after analysis.
If enabled, module versions with externally hosted artifacts cannot be re-analysed after upload. 


Default: `False`



### EXAMPLES_DIRECTORY


Directory with a module's source that contains examples.

Examples are expected to be within sub-directories of the examples directory.

E.g. If EXAMPLES_DIRECTORY is set to `examples`, with the root module, the following would be expected for an example: `examples/myexample/main.tf`.


Default: `examples`



### EXAMPLE_ANALYTICS_TOKEN

Example analytics token to provide in responses (e.g. my-tf-application, my-slack-channel etc.)

Default: `my-tf-application`



### GIT_PROVIDER_CONFIG


Git provider config.
JSON list of known git providers.
Each item in the list should contain the following attributes:
- name - Name of the git provider (e.g. 'Corporate Gitlab')

- base_url - Formatted base URL for project's repo.
(e.g. 'https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}'
or 'https://gitlab.corporate.com/{namespace}/{module}')
- clone_url - Formatted clone URL for modules.
(e.g. 'ssh://gitlab.corporate.com/scm/{namespace}/{module}.git'
or 'https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git')
Note: Do not include '{version}' placeholder in the URL -
the git tag will be automatically provided.

- browse_url - Formatted URL for user-viewable source code
(e.g. 'https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/tree'
or 'https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}/src/{version}')

An example for public repositories might be:
```
[{"name": "Github", "base_url": "https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@github.com:{namespace}/{module}.git", "browse_url": "https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}/tree/{tag}/{path}"},
{"name": "Bitbucket", "base_url": "https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@bitbucket.org:{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git", "browse_url": "https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/src/{tag}/{path}"},
{"name": "Gitlab", "base_url": "https://gitlab.com/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@gitlab.com:{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git", "browse_url": "https://gitlab.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/-/tree/{tag}/{path}"}]
```


Default: `[]`



### LISTEN_PORT


Port for server to listen on.


Default: `5000`



### LOGO_URL

URL of logo to be used in web interface.

Default: `/static/images/logo.png`



### MODULES_DIRECTORY


Directory with a module's source that contains sub-modules.

submodules are expected to be within sub-directories of the submodule directory.

E.g. If MODULES_DIRECTORY is set to `modules`, with the root module, the following would be expected for a submodule: `modules/submodulename/main.tf`.

This can be set to an empty string, to expected submodules to be in the root directory of the parent module.


Default: `modules`



### PUBLISH_API_KEYS


List of comma-separated list of API keys to publish module versions.

To disable authentication for publish endpoint, leave empty.


Default: ``



### REQUIRED_MODULE_METADATA_ATTRIBUTES


Comma-seperated list of metadata attributes that each uploaded module _must_ contain, otherwise the upload is aborted.


Default: ``



### SECRET_KEY


Flask secret key used for encrypting sessions.

Can be generated using: `python -c 'import secrets; print(secrets.token_hex())'`


Default: ``



### TERRAFORM_EXAMPLE_VERSION_TEMPLATE


Template of version number string to be used in terraform examples in the UI.
This is used by the snippet example of a terraform module and the 'resource builder' example.

The template can contain the following placeholders:
* `{major}`, `{minor}`, `{patch}`
* `{major_minus_one}`, `{minor_minus_one}`, `{patch_minus_one}`
* `{major_plus_one}`, `{minor_plus_one}`, `{patch_plus_one}`

Some examples:
* `>= {major}.{minor}.{patch}, < {major_plus_one}.0.0`
* `~> {major}.{minor}.{patch}`

For more information, see terraform documentation: https://www.terraform.io/language/expressions/version-constraints



Default: `{major}.{minor}.{patch}`



### TRUSTED_NAMESPACES

Comma-separated list of trusted namespaces.

Default: ``



### UPLOAD_API_KEYS


List of comma-separated list of API keys to upload/import new module versions.

For bitbucket hooks, one of these keys must be provided as the 'secret' to the webhook.

To disable authentication for upload endpoint, leave empty.


Default: ``



### VERIFIED_MODULE_NAMESPACES


List of namespaces, who's modules will be automatically set to verified.


Default: ``



## Terrareg module metadata

A metadata file can be provided each an uploaded module's archive to provide additional metadata to terrareg.

For an example, please see: [docs/example-terrareg-module-metadata.json](./docs/example-terrareg-module-metadata.json)

The following attributes are available at the root of the JSON object:

|Key |Description|
--- | --- |
|owner|Name of the owner of the module|
|description|Description of the module|
|variable_template|Structure holding required input variables for module, used for 'Usage Builder'. See table below|
|repo_clone_url|Url to clone the repository. Optional placeholders `{namespace}`, `{module}` and `{provider}` can be used. E.g. `ssh://gitlab.corporate.com/scm/{namespace}/{module}.git`|
|repo_base_url|Formatted base URL for project's repo. E.g. `https://gitlab.corporate.com/{namespace}/{module}`|
|repo_browse_url|Formatted URL for user-viewable source code. Must contain `{tag}` and `{path}` placeholders. E.g. `https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/blob/{tag}/{path}`|

### Usage builder configuration

The usage builder requires an array of objects, which define the name, type and description of the variable.

In the following the 'config input' refers to the HTML inputs that provide the user with the ability to select/enter values. The 'terraform input' refers to the value used for the variable in the outputted terraform example.

There are common attributes that can be added to each of variable objects, which include:

|Attribute |Description |Default|
--- | --- | ---|
|name|The name of the 'config input'. This is also used as the module variable in the 'terraform input'.|Required|
|type|The type of the input variable, see table below.|Required|
|quote_value|Boolean flag to determine whether the value generated is quoted for the 'terraform input'.|false|
|additional_help|A description that is provided, along with the terraform variable description in the usage builder|Empty|



|Variable type|Description|Type specific attributes|
--- | --- | ---|
|text|A plain input text box for users to provide a value that it directly used as the 'terraform input'||
|boolean|Provides a checkbox that results in a true/false value as the 'terraform input'||
|static|This does not appear in the 'Usage Builder' 'config input' table, but provides a static value in the 'terraform input'||
|select|Provides a dropdown for the user to select from a list of choices|"choices" must be added to the object, which may either be a list of strings, or a list of objects. If using a list of objects, a "name" and "value" must be provided. Optionally an "additional_content" attribute can be added to the choice, which provides additional terraform to be added to the top of the terraform example. The main variable object may also contain a "allow_custom" boolean attribute, which allows the user to enter a custom text input.|

## Changelog

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)


## Local development

Since terraform requires HTTPS with a valid SSL cert, this must be provided in local development

On linux, by default, non-privileged users cannot listen on privileged ports, so the following can be used to route requests locally to port 5000:

```
sudo iptables -t nat -I OUTPUT -p tcp -d 127.0.0.1 --dport 443 -j REDIRECT --to-ports 5000
```

Example to run in local development environment:
```
virtualenv -ppython3.8 venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

# Without SSL cert
ALLOW_CUSTOM_GIT_URL_MODULE_PROVIDER=False ALLOW_CUSTOM_GIT_URL_MODULE_VERSION=False GIT_PROVIDER_CONFIG='[{"name": "Github", "base_url": "https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@github.com:{namespace}/{module}.git", "browse_url": "https://github.com/{namespace}/{module}/tree/{tag}/{path}"}, {"name": "Bitbucket", "base_url": "https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@bitbucket.org:{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git", "browse_url": "https://bitbucket.org/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/src/{tag}/{path}"}, {"name": "Gitlab", "base_url": "https://gitlab.com/{namespace}/{module}", "clone_url": "ssh://git@gitlab.com:{namespace}/{module}-{provider}.git", "browse_url": "https://gitlab.com/{namespace}/{module}-{provider}/-/tree/{tag}/{path}"}]' SECRET_KEY=ec9b8cc5ed0404acb3983b7836844d828728c22c28ecbed9095edef9b7489e85 ADMIN_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN=password ANALYTICS_AUTH_KEYS=xxxxxx.atlasv1.zzzzzzzzzzzzz:dev,xxxxxx.atlasv1.xxxxxxxxxx:prod VERIFIED_MODULE_NAMESPACES=hashicorp TRUSTED_NAMESPACES=test DEBUG=True AUTO_PUBLISH_MODULE_VERSIONS=False LISTEN_PORT=5001 python ./terrareg.py

# With SSL Cert
# Add the following argument
#  --ssl-cert-private-key ./example/ssl-certs/private.pem --ssl-cert-public-key ./example/ssl-certs/public.pem

```

## Generating DB changes

```
alembic revision --autogenerate
```

## Applying DB changes

```
alembic upgrade head
```
